gnurk : Aah i see you wakey wakey.
player : where am i.
gnurk : human in gnurk gave. gnurk find human on battlefield 
player : whaaa ? 
gnurk : big field where humans fight my people.
player : there was a battle ? 
gnurk : yes and humans hurt my people. humans no like goblin people.
player : i can't remember a thing gnurk.
gnurk : gnurk like you, gnurk take you back home and make you all better.
player: thanks i really appreciate that. im sorry i can recall what happened.
gnurk : humans and goblins fight. gnurk no want fight. gnurk like the humans. gnurk help human, human must help gnurk.
player : what can i do possibly help you gnurk ?
gnurk : human must make other human not fight with goblin people.
player : how am i supposed to do that ? 
gnurk : human must show humans, goblins are good too. we no want to fight.
player: I don’t even know who I am… how can I convince anyone of anything?
gnurk: memory come back soon. gnurk believe. maybe human was important before battle.
player: Important? Like a soldier?
gnurk: maybe leader. maybe peace-maker. gnurk not know. but gnurk feel it in bones.
player: That’s… a lot to take in.
gnurk: gnurk help. gnurk teach human goblin ways. show human goblin heart.
player: Goblin heart?
gnurk: goblin heart strong. goblin heart kind. goblin heart not want war.
player: Then let’s start there. Teach me, Gnurk. Maybe if I understand your people, I can help stop the fighting.
gnurk : yes! gnurk teach! first lesson: goblin stew not scary. very tasty. even if it wiggle.

preperation for the stew

gnurk : you take stew to human people ! you give them stew, show them goblin heart.

option 1-A : EAT THE STEW => 
gnurk: you eat stew ? You feel goblin heart ?
player: I do. It’s… different. But good. I think I understand you better.
gnurk: then human go tell other humans goblin people are good. they not want fight, they have big heart.
*starts the part where the player needs to go to the blacksmith*

option 1-B : TAKE THE STEW TO BLACKSMITH => 
player: okay gnark ill be back.
gnurk: you go friend, you give them soup, show them goblin people are good.
*starts the part where the player needs to go to the blacksmith*


PLAYER GOES TO BLACKSMITH
-------------------------
BS: aah weary traveler. you look like you've been through a tough time. no matter. what can eldric do for ya today ?
Player: I found a goblin up in the caves, he saved me after the war.
BS: A goblin ?? Ayye ya shoulda given him steel
Player: No this goblin's different. He saved me, took care of me. I'm pretty sure if it wasn't for him i'd be dead.
BS: A good goblin ya say ? are ya okay lad ?
Player: yes i'm all better. The goblin wants to make peace between he's people and our people.
BS: aye i don't think that's possible lad. Even so i'll not be able to help ya, You'll need to take to someone in the military. Go to knight henry
he can tell you more.

PLAYER GOES TO HENRY
--------------------
option 1-A :

option 1-B :
Henry: Citizen! Knight Henry at your service.
Player: Knight Henry, i come to u with a case of upmost importance.
Henry: Speak Citizen !
Player: The goblins want to make peace with the humans.
Henry: Is this a joke ?
Player: No i was rescued by a goblin and he saved my life. He wants to negotiate peace between humans and goblins.
Henry: Do you have any idea how many of our people died by the hands of goblins ? how many friends and family we've lost.
Player: I know henry... but this can be peace for both humans and goblins.
Henry: For years our people have tried to negotiate peace with them, in hopes of putting the war behind us. but without a blessed scroll of trust,
it's hopeless.
Player: a blessed scroll of trust ?
Henry: it's a magically imbued scroll that holds an agreement between two leaders. it ensures that whoever breaks the agreement, will turn to ash.
Player:Then we need to create one. If the goblin leader is truly serious, he’ll sign it.
Henry:You think a goblin would bind himself to magic that could kill him? That takes more than words—it takes courage. And trust.
Player:Let me speak to their leader. If he agrees, will you meet him?
Henry:That still leaves us with the scroll. The last mage to create such a scroll is long dead.
Player:We'll try to take care of that problem when we get there.


Player:Gnurk, Henry spoke of a scroll. A magical one. It’s the only way peace can happen.
Gnurk:Scroll of trust? Old magic. Human mage made last one. Mage dead now. But… goblin shaman know bone ways.
Player:Bone ways?
Gnurk:Magic deep in bones. Shaman can call spirit back. But need bones. Need place of death. Need goblin heart.

🧭 Phase 2: Find the Mage’s Bones
- The player travels to a forgotten battlefield or ancient crypt.
- Faces trials: undead guardians, riddles, or moral choices.
- Retrieves the bones of the fallen mage.

🧭 Phase 3: Meet the Goblin Shaman
- The shaman is eerie, wise, and unpredictable.
- Requires a sacrifice—perhaps a memory, a piece of the player’s soul, or a goblin relic.
- Performs the ritual. The mage’s spirit returns, bound to the bones.

🧭 Phase 4: The Scroll Forging
- The resurrected mage agrees to forge the scroll—but only if both leaders meet in person.
- The scroll is created in a sacred ceremony, glowing with ancient power.
- Both leaders must sign it with blood and intent.


Meeting between henry and goblin leader

